README.md, before:

# BullHorn's STRICT Path of Exile loot filter

---

## DESCRIPTION

This filter is designed for leveling and endgame without seeing all the trash you normally see. However, it still shows many things that might not be wanted at late-endgame, like wisdom/portal/trans/aug, alt/chrome, jew/chance/glassblower, chance bases and dumpster divination cards.
If these things are unwanted, feel free to edit the filter to your liking.

#### KEY FEATURES

* Highlights all items that are worth picking up with size/sound/color
* Includes NeverSink's and Antnee's leveling sections
* Highlights good ilvl 83+ bases and the new end-game bases introduced with the Essence league
* Procedural highlighting of some recipes
* Precedural hiding of bad items
* Hiding non-Vaal and non-Quality quest-reward gems

---
## CHANGELOG
---

V1.08 - 2016.10.01
* Adjusted rules to show all rare Daggers (2.2+ meta of Whirling Blades)

V1.07 - 2016.09.30
* Bug fix: ilvl 83+ good Rare items will appear with correct font size
* Adjusted drop colors of T16 maps

V1.06 - 2016.09.29
* Minor adjustments to filter sounds:
  * Adjusted Sacrifice of Midnight drop sound
  * Raised Unique Map drop sound volume
  * Raised drop size and added drop sound for Crystal Belt, Opal Ring and Steel Ring

V1.05 - 2016.09.25
* Adjusted rules to show ilvl 75+ jewellery
* Adjusted rules to show ilvl 83+ crafting bases with a smaller font

V1.04 - 2016.09.24
* Bug fix: Removed rule for hiding ilvl 50+ Crude Bows (they are hidden anyway, but Unique ones will no longer be hidden)

V1.03 - 2016.09.22
* Removed drop sound from quest items

V1.02 - 2016.09.21
* Fixed a bug with chromatic recipes introduced in V1.01 where bad RGB items won't be highlighted at all
* Added rules to hide all bad rares after ilvl 78
* Added rules to hide all RGBs after ilvl 78
* Adjust Chisel recipe to hide all after ilvl 78 and appear smaller at ilvl 72-78

V1.01 - 2016.09.20
* Added this github's URL into the filter for easier access to future updates
* Moved introduction and changelog into readme
* Added rules to hide chisel recipe, glassblower recipe and bad RGBs (2x3 and 2x4) after ilvl 72
* Adjusted Chance recipe size (from 32 to 42)
* Minor adjustments to display of hidden items: 
   * Bug fix: Hidden Flasks and Gems now have transparent background and correct size
   * Improvement: ilvl 69-72 shit rares are slightly less hidden

V1.00 - 2016.09.19
* Initial release

---

Script edited with Filtration - https://github.com/ben-wallis/Filtration
 
Leveling section was taken directly from NeverSink/Antnee filter - https://github.com/NeverSinkDev/NeverSink-Filter https://gist.github.com/Antnee83

---

Commit message:

Update to 1.09 Add rule for hidden ilvl 75+ gloves, boots and helmets (Warbands)

README.md, after:

# BullHorn's STRICT Path of Exile loot filter

---

## DESCRIPTION

This filter is designed for leveling and endgame without seeing all the trash you normally see. However, it still shows many things that might not be wanted at late-endgame, like wisdom/portal/trans/aug, alt/chrome, jew/chance/glassblower, chance bases and dumpster divination cards.
If these things are unwanted, feel free to edit the filter to your liking.

#### KEY FEATURES

* Highlights all items that are worth picking up with size/sound/color
* Includes NeverSink's and Antnee's leveling sections
* Highlights good ilvl 83+ bases and the new end-game bases introduced with the Essence league
* Procedural highlighting of some recipes
* Precedural hiding of bad items
* Hiding non-Vaal and non-Quality quest-reward gems

---
## CHANGELOG
---

V1.09 - 2016.10.02
* Added hidden Warbands Magic item rule for ilvl 75+ gloves, boots and helmets

V1.08 - 2016.10.01
* Adjusted rules to show all rare Daggers (2.2+ meta of Whirling Blades)

V1.07 - 2016.09.30
* Bug fix: ilvl 83+ good Rare items will appear with correct font size
* Adjusted drop colors of T16 maps

V1.06 - 2016.09.29
* Minor adjustments to filter sounds:
  * Adjusted Sacrifice of Midnight drop sound
  * Raised Unique Map drop sound volume
  * Raised drop size and added drop sound for Crystal Belt, Opal Ring and Steel Ring

V1.05 - 2016.09.25
* Adjusted rules to show ilvl 75+ jewellery
* Adjusted rules to show ilvl 83+ crafting bases with a smaller font

V1.04 - 2016.09.24
* Bug fix: Removed rule for hiding ilvl 50+ Crude Bows (they are hidden anyway, but Unique ones will no longer be hidden)

V1.03 - 2016.09.22
* Removed drop sound from quest items

V1.02 - 2016.09.21
* Fixed a bug with chromatic recipes introduced in V1.01 where bad RGB items won't be highlighted at all
* Added rules to hide all bad rares after ilvl 78
* Added rules to hide all RGBs after ilvl 78
* Adjust Chisel recipe to hide all after ilvl 78 and appear smaller at ilvl 72-78

V1.01 - 2016.09.20
* Added this github's URL into the filter for easier access to future updates
* Moved introduction and changelog into readme
* Added rules to hide chisel recipe, glassblower recipe and bad RGBs (2x3 and 2x4) after ilvl 72
* Adjusted Chance recipe size (from 32 to 42)
* Minor adjustments to display of hidden items: 
   * Bug fix: Hidden Flasks and Gems now have transparent background and correct size
   * Improvement: ilvl 69-72 shit rares are slightly less hidden

V1.00 - 2016.09.19
* Initial release

---

Script edited with Filtration - https://github.com/ben-wallis/Filtration
 
Leveling section was taken directly from NeverSink/Antnee filter - https://github.com/NeverSinkDev/NeverSink-Filter https://gist.github.com/Antnee83

---
